
Research Question: What are the factors predictive of hotel booking cancelations.

Goal of the Research:
Identify the most relevant factors for booking cancellation,
Predict cancelations using machine learning model;
Provide recommendations to decrease losses due to cancellations.

Dataset: hotel_booking.csv

This data article describes two datasets with hotel demand data. One of the hotels (H1) is a resort hotel and the other is a city hotel (H2). Both datasets share the same structure, with 31 variables describing the 40,060 observations of H1 and 79,330 observations of H2. Each observation represents a hotel booking. Both datasets comprehend bookings due to arrive between the 1st of July of 2015 and the 31st of August 2017, including bookings that effectively arrived and bookings that were canceled. Since this is hotel real data, all data elements pertaining hotel or costumer identification were deleted. Due to the scarcity of real business data for scientific and educational purposes, these datasets can have an important role for research and education in revenue management, machine learning, or data mining, as well as in other fields. https://doi.org/10.1016/j.dib.2018.11.126

Questions:
1. Does a visa requirement affect cancellations?
2. What are the factors that affect cancellations?
3. Do children in a reservation affect cancelations?
4. Top countries
5. Resort or City Preferences

Machine Learning Model
1. ADA Boost
2. Random Forest
3. Logistic Regression

Technologies:
1. Jupyter Notebook for *code and ML algo (likely supervised)*
2. Various imported libraries
3. PostGres DB with ERD for *Database*
4. CSV for *Dataset*
5. Tableau for *Visualization*
6. Github for *repo*

Tong Li: ERD/Database (Friday)
Charlene: Github (Thursday)
Oliver: MLM (Saturday)

12:00 PM Saturday 

What data set/topic?
We spent some time looking for data sets and found the following Hotel Booking Demand CSV to be a good fit
Any other ideas?
Topics/questions for this data set (if we choose it)
Can we successfully predict that a booking will be canceled?
What roles will we each take for this week’s Segment 1?
Square: Charlene
Triangle: ?
Circle: ?
X: Jonny

